Improve an expression from 'value's to 'values' for taint-and-toleration (#44539)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration.md

A toleration "matches" a taint if the keys are the same and the effects are the same, and:

* the `operator` is `Exists` (in which case no `value` should be specified), or

> * the `operator` is `Equal` and the `values` are equal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the `operator` is `Equal` and the values should be equal.
```
How about using a more descriptive expression for this?

Author: please check my latest commit

Reviewer: lgtm, thanks.
